Technical Questions

1. What is the purpose of the useEffect hook?
Ans: The useEffect hook is used for handling side effects that may affect the efficiency of a functional component.

2. Which of the following is not a faeture of ES6?
Ans: No option given

3. What does the justify-content property do in a flex box?
Ans: It aligns the flex items along the main axis.

4. What HTTP method is typically used to create a new resource in a RESTful API?
Ans: POST

5. What will be the output of the following code segment?
Ans: 7

6. Jacob is using HTML and CSS to create a website. He wants to add a margin to his HTML so that it looks like this:
1px from the left, 75px from the bottom, 45px from the top, and 15px from the right margin. 
What subsequent CSS code snippet may he employ?
Ans: Assumimg the element has a class name of item; 
.item {
    margin: 45px 15px 75px 1px;
}

7. Which of the following way is not a valid way to manage state in a React application?
Ans: No option provided.

8. What is the purpose of the Promise.all method in JavaScript?
Ans: Promise.all is a JavaScript method that takes an array of JavaScript promises and solves them concurrently returning a single promise that resolves if all the promises in the array have been resolved or rejects if any of the promise in the array is rejected.

9. Which of the following CSS properties is used to define the size of the rows in a grid container?
Ans: row-gap

10. What is the primary purpose of the React Context API?
Ans: The primary purpose of the React Context API is to manage and share state across components of a React application without having to pass props from every parent component to the child component until it reaches the main target in the component tree.

11. Which of the following techniques helps prevent Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks.
Ans: No option given, but the following techniques work: Input validation, defining Content Security Policy headers, the use of HTTPOnly cookies, effects

12. In React, what is the purpose of the higher-order components (HOCs)?
Ans: The primary purpose of HOCs is to enable code reuse by allowing the composition and sharing of common logic across different components.

13. What is the primary purpose of Webpack in a React project?
Ans: The primary purpose of Webpack in a React project is to bundle and optimize the various assets and resources needed by the application.

14. Which CSS unit is relative to the width of the viewport?
Ans: vw

15. What is the primary role of the JavaScript event loop?
Ans: The primary role of the JavaScript event loop is to manage and coordinate the execution of code in an asynchronous manner. 